h1. okshadow

h2. OKShadow by OKFocus

p. OKShadow is a JQuery plugin that produces drop shadows that track the mouse cursor. Many effects are possible, including depth-of-field simulation and focus effects. See examples "here":http://okfoc.us/okshadow.

h2. Usage

p. OKShadow can bind to any DOM element that recognizes the CSS3 box-shadow or text-shadow property.

h3. Options

* *color*	sets shadow color	%{color:gray}defaults to #888%
* *textShadow*	applies the shadow to the text; otherwise, the shadow affects the container ("box-shadow") %{color:gray}defaults to false%
* *transparent*	sets text color to transparent for ghost text effect %{color:gray}defaults to false%
* *xMax*	horizontal movement constraint, in pixels	%{color:gray}defaults to null%
* *xOffset*	horizontal offset, in pixels %{color:gray}defaults to 0%
* *xFactor*	affects blur position based on mouse distance	%{color:gray}defaults to 30%
* *yMax*	vertical movement constraint, in pixels	%{color:gray}defaults to null%
* *yOffset*	vertical offset, in pixels %{color:gray}defaults to 0%
* *yFactor*	affects blur position based on mouse distance	%{color:gray}defaults to 30%
* *fuzzMin*	minimum blur radius in pixels	%{color:gray}defaults to null%
* *fuzzMax*	maximum blur radius in pixels	%{color:gray}defaults to null%
* *fuzzFactor*	affects blur radius based on mouse distance %{color:gray}defaults to 40%

h3. Methods

p. OKShadow offers the method *setoption* so parameters can be changed after instantiation. It takes either a hash of parameters or a single key and value.